SECURE SDLC PROGRAM 
HBC intends to improve secure SDLC practices to reduce risk and vulnerability remediation costs by empowering development teams with security technology and training.

PROGRAM GOALS
1. Implement self-served security service by providing automated security tools 
2. Empower development teams with latest security technology and training
3. Reduce risk and remediation cost by Identify security defects early in sdlc
4. Automate security scan process as part of the software build process
5. Provide transparent security and compliance reports to business and executive teams
6. Capture security metrics to improve application security program

TECHNOLOGY
Veracode has been shortlisted as a security technology to run security scans during SDLC. Veracode provides the following security scan and services:
1. Static Application Security Testing (SAST) - Source code is automatically analyzed to identify security defects 
2. Open Source Software (OSS) Security Testing - If OSS libraries are used as part of the applications (Spring, Struts etc), a security scan is run transparently as part of SAST to identify vulnerabilities in OSS libraries
3. Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST) - Built and deployed application on a server (Web applications) are scanned dynamically to identify vulnerabilities in the applicatios.
4. On-demand remediation guidance for developers (Phone and WebEx)
5. eLearning on specialized security topics

VERACODE POC
To prove the value to the development teams, Application Security team is running a POC with Veracode. It has been decided to scan one Scala (WEB-AUTH), one Web applications (Saks UI and backend) and one mobile application (TBD) to see the effectiveness of the tool.
i. The WEB-AUTH applciation has been successfully uploaded and the scan has been executed by Andrey Kartashov.
ii. Matt Pick will setup a meeting for the Web application scan.
iii. For the mobile application, we will work with Natalia Bartol to identify a mobile application




